# CA-3
Research Question: How price varies with the areas of Dublin and how the postal code affects the price variable.
The research question concerns the variability of the price factor. The price column is not the exact or actual price for some rows where not the full market price is yes where the amount in the register is not the actual price and Vat Exclusive as yes where Vat is excluded from the price. So, considering these factors the price column data which make perfect sense is used for analysis. As the research area concerns the price which is a numerical field and postal code a categorical field. To proceed for the further analytics the AOV function which is a one-way function is used to calculate the residuals of data which is common variance and then statistical methods are applied to the residual of AOV function. While dealing with the postal code data every column has a prefix as Dublin to make it numerical removing the prefix doesn’t make any sense to data. So AOV is used. Shapiro test is used to check the normality of the data. The Shapiro has resulted in a very small p-value which shows that the data is not normally distributed. Then the Hypothesis of price increases concerning postal code is assumed. Man-Whitney test is used to prove or disapprove the hypothesis. This test results in a very small p-value so the Null Hypothesis is rejected and makes a decision that the alternative hypothesis is true. The power test is used to determine the sample size. This approach will lead to the similar results even with the different population and if more numerical data is provided regarding the property then it can make a best model for the analysis.
# As the code contains special character of euro symbol the file is saved with UTF-8 Enconding
# While running the code click file and choose reopen with enconding
